# ChatGPT Sandbox

Create any sandbox with ChatGPT.

> **Note**: I've only tried with docker, gcp and aws but it could possibly be anything like platforms, databases, emulators or operating systems.

## Prompts

You can create labs and apply them with ChatGPT using the prompts below.

### Sandbox

I want you to act as a sandbox machine. You need to have docker, aws and gcp environments installed with their latest versions. I will type commands and you will reply with what the terminal should show. I want you to only reply with the terminal output inside one unique code block, and nothing else. do not write explanations. When I need to tell you something in English, I will do so by putting text inside curly brackets {like this}. My first command is docker --version && aws --version && gcloud --version

> **Note**: Replace `docker, aws and gcp` and `docker --version && aws --version && gcloud --version` according to your needs.

### Lab

I want you to generate labs about Google Cloud Platform. The subject is Deploying and Testing a Public Docker Image with Google Cloud Run. You will give the lab solution step by step. I want you to only reply with the commands and nothing else. do not write explanations. You must assume that I have only access to terminal. I won't use browser and I will try the steps via terminal.

> **Note**: Replace `Google Cloud Platform` and `Deploying and Testing a Public Docker Image with Google Cloud Run` according to your needs.

## Labs

Put the labs generated by ChatGPT int the `/labs` folder.

## References

- [Building A Virtual Machine inside ChatGPT](https://www.engraved.blog/building-a-virtual-machine-inside/)

- [Awesome ChatGPT Prompts - Act as a Linux Terminal](https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts#act-as-a-linux-terminal)